`yarn` → `pnpm` (#9476)
guardian/dotcom-rendering: dotcom-rendering/src/components/SignInGate/README.md

The props can be set to anything here, since storybook is only interested in the design of the component.

> To view it in storybook simply run `pnpm storybook` which will launch a storybook server (with live reloading) to be able to view and develop it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view it in storybook simply run `make storybook-dev` which will launch a storybook server (with live reloading) to be able to view and develop it.
```
